[BD-46] fix: fixed border-radius of buttons with sizes lg and sm (#2786)
openedx/paragon: src/Button/README.md

  return (
    <Stack gap={2} direction={ isExtraSmall ? "vertical" : "horizontal" }>
      <Button variant="brand" className="mb-2 mb-sm-0">Brand</Button>
      <Button variant="outline-brand" className="mb-2 mb-sm-0">Outline Brand</Button>
      <Button variant="primary" className="mb-2 mb-sm-0">Primary</Button>
      <Button variant="outline-primary" className="mb-2 mb-sm-0">Outline Primary</Button>

>       <Button variant="tertiary" className="mb-2 mb-sm-0">Tertiary</Button>

Reviewer: Note: its great to remove utility classes like this as sometimes consumers tend to leave the `className` props in when they copy/paste components from the docs site... lol.

### Disabled

```jsx live
() => {
  const isExtraSmall = useMediaQuery({ maxWidth: breakpoints.extraSmall.maxWidth });

  return (
    <Stack
      className="mb-2"
      gap={2}
      direction={ isExtraSmall ? "vertical" : "horizontal" }
    >
      <Button variant="primary" disabled>Primary disabled</Button>
      <Button variant="secondary" disabled>Secondary disabled</Button>
      <Button as="a" href="https://edx.org" disabled>Link disabled</Button>
    </Stack>
    )
}
```

### With empty href
For link to be `disabled`, it must have href defined with some value.

```jsx live
() => {
  const isExtraSmall = useMediaQuery({ maxWidth: breakpoints.extraSmall.maxWidth });

  return (
    <Stack
      className="mb-2"
      gap={2}
      direction={ isExtraSmall ? "vertical" : "horizontal" }
    >

>       <Button as='a' disabled>No href</Button>
>       <Button as='a' href='' disabled>Empty string href</Button>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      <Button as="a" disabled>No href</Button>
      <Button as="a" href="" disabled>Empty string href</Button>
```

Reviewer 3: Agree!

Author: Thanks all! 💯 
Corrected

      gap={2}
      direction={ isExtraSmall ? "vertical" : "horizontal" }
    >
      <Button variant="brand" iconBefore={ArrowBack}>
        Brand
      </Button>
      <Button variant="outline-brand" iconAfter={ArrowDropDown}>
        Outline Brand
      </Button>
      <Button variant="primary" iconBefore={Remove} iconAfter={Add}>
        Primary
      </Button>
      <Button variant="outline-primary" iconBefore={Highlight}>
        Outline Primary
      </Button>
      <Button variant="tertiary" iconAfter={Add}>
        Tertiary
      </Button>
    </Stack>
  )
}
```

> ### With a Spinner

Reviewer: Note for issue: we should probably remove this as an example, since we have `StatefulButton` which is generally preferable for working with a spinner in a button.
